So now we're going to continue our discussion of how IP addressing works and part with how the prefixes that are used in defining routes and in constructing
forwarding tables
So the address host on the internet
What is the internet again
while it's a network of networks
We need to be able to refer to particular hosts in this network as well as to router as well as to Route both routers and networks here
All right
so this would be say Network to
This is Network one and we need to be able to get from any host year to any ghosts here
So
how can we do that
We use the routers to move information
over the router
would consist of a set of input interfaces for the packet would come in
But about put in their faces
were they depart
And then some form of interconnect as we've seen
So
the router would implement this boarding process to make sure we get to their correct output interface
but how do we select the right
I'll put in her face
Well
when part use the IP address to do that
so the forwarding table within the router
often denoted with this kind of
annotations us
a story mapping between IP addresses and output interfaces
And then what the forwarding table will do is will forward an incoming packet based on its destination address
So for example
if this is a router directly connected to a few computers
if it received a packet
Dustin 4, 1235, it knows it's in that packet out to interface one
So
for example
if it had this packet intended for one
two
three
four
which one do we need to send it through while we need to send it over out on interface to because that's how we'll get to that address
So this whole routing this forwarding process for this table has been constructed by running a routing algorithm
which we previously seen
where has this other pack it again
intended for 5 needs to get Rabbit out through
Interface up an interface number one
So there is a big scalability Challenge and which motivates why were using the prefix has
So let's just suppose for a moment
We're not doing it with prefixes and that hosts could have totally arbitrary addresses
Well
if we did this
now hosts would rather the routers would need to have a lot of information
It would need to know how to forward packets directly to where the any particular host ride
So if I didn't stay organized
this network
consisting only of prefixes 123
If I let there be IP addresses and this network 1 b
1 2 3 4, maybe 5 6, 7 8, and then likewise over in the second Network
We allowed addresses
like 1, 2, 3, 5, and 5 6, 7 9, we would need to remember all of that information in the routers
So at the forwarding tables would look like safe for really any of these routers here
If it received a message intended for 1, 2 3 4, it would need it to remember that it needs to four
Distraction
if it received a message for 1235, it would need to remember
it needs to forward it towards the
right
So we don't do that
And the reason we don't as we will use the prefix has to avoid having to remember all that information will have put related hosts
Are you those in one of the networks on a common subnet
So
for example
all of the horse over here
we would have signed with addresses
like one
two
three
starting and all the hosts over here
We would require them to start with the prefix 567 that way
if we get any message intended for a host starting with the prefix 123
We know we send that information to the left
And if we receive any message intended for an IP address starting with 5 6 7, then we send it over to the right
The other benefit of this is it's very easy to add new hosts
Even if I add a new computer in to this network
to I give it a IP IP address that's reasonably defined as a 5 6 7
And then some number
I don't even need to update any information at these routers
right
I don't I don't need to update any of the routing information here
All I need to do is updated for the strictly connected router that's sending that information to that particular host that's been added to the network
So
this decomposition into this hierarchy is what I'll allow us in part to scale up
The IP addressing mechanisms and enable easy routing and it's just an alligator stew
Things
You're already familiar with in your day-to-day life such as postal mail
This is why I come and geographic regions would use the same or similar postal code
right
Like that Vanderbilt the ZIP code that gets used for my office
Has 37 212 and I live fairly close to Vanderbilt
My home zip code is 37214
And as you can see
they both start with 372
And that's a reason
the reason for that is exactly the same reason of why IP addresses are using these common prefixes
It was a totally arbitrary number
It wouldn't make any sense in terms of helping us a group that
destinations together